data_directory                      .
reduction                           True
splitting                           False
extraction                          True
splitting_extraction                False
fitting_white                       True
fitting_spectrum                    True
output_directory_copy               False
# directory name or False


target_x_offset                     0.0
target_y_offset                     0.0
aperture_lower_extend               -20.0
aperture_upper_extend               20.0
extraction_method                   gauss
extraction_gauss_sigma              47.0
white_lower_wavelength              10880.0
white_upper_wavelength              16800.0
bins_file                           ./bins_file.txt


apply_up_down_stream_correction     True
exclude_initial_orbits              1
exclude_final_orbits                0
exclude_initial_orbit_points        0


mcmc_iterations                     150000
mcmc_walkers                        50
mcmc_burned_iterations              50000
spectral_mcmc_iterations            150000
spectral_mcmc_walkers               50
spectral_mcmc_burned_iterations     50000


first_orbit_ramp                    True
second_order_ramp                   False
mid_orbit_ramps                     True


planet                              auto
method                              claret
white_ldc1                          0
fit_ldc1                            False
white_ldc2                          0
fit_ldc2                            False
white_ldc3                          0
fit_ldc3                            False
white_ldc4                          0
fit_ldc4                            False
rp_over_rs                          auto
fp_over_fs                          auto
period                              auto
sma_over_rs                         auto
fit_sma_over_rs                     False
eccentricity                        auto
inclination                         auto
fit_inclination                     False
periastron                          auto
mid_time                            auto
fit_mid_time                        True
